Let's take a look at what using Node looks like in practice.
The first thing I want to do is check what Node version I have.
I see that I have node and I'm running version 10.15.3,
which sounds amazing to me.
The next thing that we want to do is to install some dependencies.
So for example, we know we'll want Express.
So I'll type the command npm install express, and we watch it go.
Now, let's try installing some middleware.
We'll do npm install body-parser.
Okay. Back out to the big picture.
So far, we've learned that Node.js is used to
run server-side code and that we can install and
include different packages and our Node projects from
the command line using our package manager npm.
Next, we will learn about Express,
which is one of the most popular and powerful Node packages